This is why this is a real patent and you need to pay me you angry mirrors mirroring back your shame of starving me and my family. Seriously five months no money, food banks, $0

I have court at 9:30 because this stressful project made my husband go insane and bash my head in and kill me. I have a scar on my skull. He has already confessed he deserves to be in federal prison, I told him no I love him and fuck you im the victim i get to have my day in court where the cops of Homosassa Florida apologize for failing in protecting me properly because i was poor and a gay man. Gus Bilrakis this is not okay, fix it. 

I have to go to court at 9:30 am and I giving you all this after all the of stress testing. I deserve my pay. I don’t like the fact I got my skull bashed in and the cops took me to jail instead of my husband because my mom decided that i was also a useless burden and worthless in her eyes. I have been dealing with two abusive people who I thought love me and I’m still honestly hurt that they try to make it my fault when I have said my truth and peace today. 

That being said, when they go low— I GO UP. I still love my mom and husband even though they called me retarded and stupid. This is not their fault, this is the SYSTEM, the cops of Homosassa Florida and crystal river that failed us. Oh and to the neighbor of 6389 w Appomattox ln Homosassa, thank you for watching out for me— you didn’t need to contact the cops for the wellness check, but speaking for THAT COP WHO GAVE ME A FIST BUMP— him I like. Make him a sheriff. He handled me this night how cops ought to do their job. Gus Bilrakis when I go to court today, I am owed legal restitution by the sheriff’s office today. That is to pay my bailsbondsmen that $1000 to bail me out. You will hear from my defense attorney as she is currently reading this now before the arraignment 

You are not going to book my husband he is forgiven and. Pardoned for essentially giving me $80,900 worth of project labor for the house . 
